You are the president of Lu Group
You now believe this check is not fake
Then that 900 million check
That's true.
Then am I not
Missed the opportunity to get rich overnight
But you can still be the young wife of a wealthy family
If Xia Ruyan agrees, sign it.
Xiaoqi's mother is here
Wow, great.
Mom and Dad are married.
I hope this decision is correct
Chicken hee hee
Mom will definitely take you away
I'll go out later
What to do
I actually went in and was locked up for two days
If it weren't for the lack of crucial evidence
I can't get out
Mom is really angry, but good daughter
So far
I can only go to the courtyard to find a way
After all, you are the mother of the chick.
So boring
Keep the change.